Hello friends, welcome to our guide. There are a
lot of insurance scams happening these days,
and it could happen to you too. So,
please watch this video from start to finish
so you can get complete information about it.
Nowadays, people are getting
calls and messages in the name of insurance, and
attempts are being made to trap people.
Recently, a man from Gurugram received a call,
and I want to tell you how he was tried to be trapped.
If
you know all this, no one will be able to trap you.
And if
you are watching this video or have already seen it,
you will not be fooled. So, friends, what happened was that
this person received a call, and the
scammer who called
told him that he was an agent of ICICI Lombard.
First of all, he won his trust. What
he said was, he confirmed his details, what is
his name, what is the
policy, what is it, and by telling him all this, he first gained
his trust. After that, he
said that you have a policy, a health
insurance policy, which has
come up for renewal, and about it.  He knew
because he had been informed earlier through email and had received an
official email, which
he knew stated that his policy was about to be renewed. So,
this scammer called him posing as an
agent and said that his
policy was about to be renewed and that he should get the
policy renewed. He
said, "Okay,
I'll compare your premium rate and let
you know in a few days. This
premium rate is the same payment
you have to make for the renewal policy." So,
he tried to avoid this and said, "Okay,
I'll let you know in a day or two."
What did the scammer say?
He started luring him. He said, "
You haven't filed any claim in the last five years,
which is why you're getting a
discount of 20%. So, I'll
send you the revision code, and you can see it and
then renew your policy." So,
he thought, "
Okay, let's see." He said, "Okay, you
send it." So, what did the scammer do after that, who was
calling him as an agent?  He
immediately sent an email
informing them of the renewal policy and sent a link, a
gateway link, and a UPI link, asking
them to make the payment.
When they saw this and tried to make the payment through the gateway link,
the link did
n't work. They became a little suspicious about it,
and the UPI link opened. When
they looked at the email domain, it was
ICICI Lombard Renewal, a
fake domain. They realized something was
wrong.
This scammer threatened to expire.
You would
n't be able to take advantage of this. If you had made the payment as quickly as possible,
they would have been convinced it was a
fake call. Friends, this is how they were saved.
Now you can also be saved. You will also receive similar
calls and
attempts will be made to share your data. You will be told
your name, this is your policy,
this is what you have to make a payment. Anything can be told to you, so you can be
taken into confidence and
then you can be defrauded.
Now you will say, "Brother, this is this."  How is the data being shared,
so friends, on this the company said
that whose data we have, everything
is encrypted, everything is private and
protected and
action will be taken against whoever has done this, so friends, you
people have to be alert yourself, you do
not need to depend on anyone else that who
is keeping my data or if a
scammer approaches you, then how do you have to
avoid it, I am telling you that
friends, if anyone communicates with you on a
call, then you should verify him and
if through email, then you should check its official
domain that the domain of that company is using the same insurance
company which is
mentioned in the official website,
if someone else is coming then it is fake and
whenever the scammer sends you anything, he will
send you a UPI link and if you
open the UPI link, it will open and it will be in someone else's
name and not in the company's name,
so friends, you should not make any online payment to anyone who is
telling you that he is an insurance agent or a bank manager, or is telling you
anything, you should not make any online payment
if  You can go personally to
make the payment, if that company has
an official website or app through which
you are making the payment, then you should do it from that,
but if anyone calls you through any link, sends
you an email and pastes a link and asks you to make the
payment, we are agents, we
know your details, then you do not have to make the payment,
you may get defrauded because
many people have been defrauded and are being defrauded
and it will increase further in the coming time,
if you do not understand and do not share this video with
other people and if you are trapped, then
you should immediately complain on the cyber crime portal
so that the money that has been lost can be brought
back to you and action can be taken on it, so
friends, I hope you have understood, so
friends, share this video as much as possible
so that it reaches other people,
they can get information, if any
fraud is happening, then they can avoid the fraud and
if you liked the video, then like it and
definitely subscribe to the channel
so that you keep getting further updates, so we will
meet again with a new video, till then
goodbye